.
Hey Dad?
Come see!
All the bad wind. It's getting closer.
You talking about the trash storm?
Don't worry about it kiddo. Remember we've got that big outer wall protecting us.
Oh trash got past the wall? I don't... are we gonna be okay?
Hey! You got eyes and ears but you don't look or listen. In other words you're useless every last one of ya. And that's why I'm gonna send you all to hell! All of humanity, HELL!
Say yes your thoughts of the dojo so you can dream. I'm just the type you forget so don't waste your time.
Yeah, chicken and cream, I feel no shame going insane. Somebody's gotta pay while I live with the pain. Like me now, I'm one you can't tame.
Face up, dance, and sing.
I'm the worst genius, so you dig.
Because flowers bloom where our thoughts are gathered.
Let's riot!
Get back! Get trashed!
Let's get rid of the hope.
Let's cross cross!
Let's go on a rampage.
From the bottom of our hearts, we laugh.
Lose! Get sold!
We'll cut through the lies.
Christ will rule!
Those who are running away.
Who is it? Who is it?
Even if it's just a person.
This ideal is impossible.
Let's make a vow.
Hey, what the hell is her deal?
She's willing to go that far? Interesting.
She doesn't care if we get caught in her crossfire.
Very well, then.
We should go.
She'll drag us back into a fight at this rate.
Hmm.
Ruta, I want you to watch and see what can be accomplished by giving up all that is precious to you.
When this experiment is over, I'll be taking your piece of the Watchmen series.
Hold it, asshole!
We're not done!
You still have to tell me what you did something wrong!
Tell me what you did to Armo!
Kid's got no idea, does he?
Speak up, you goddamn worm.
It's fitting this way, isn't it?
Hmm?
I'm your Raider now, Zodel.
A pawn to utilize as you please.
So I'll give it all to you.
Every last strand of it.
And I'll make sure that none of you...
Leave this place alive!
Leave!
Final...
FACE!
I really screwed this up.
It doesn't matter how hard I tried.
I knew they'd leave me, and they did.
If they'd just given me an order, I could've done something.
But they didn't, so I couldn't correct my flaw!
I'm the worst!
I'm even more worse than those two newbies that came with us!
Now Zoodle's never gonna tell me what to do!
I suck!
Everyone's abandoned me!
Left to die without any orders!
It's so dark in here.
I miss the warm blow of Chthoni's manhole.
Don't make me barf.
I'm so sick of this shit.
But then, it's you.
You can't even wipe your own ass without my help.
You disgusting little turd.
Sorry, Master He.
They abandoned us.
Which makes you nothing but dead weight.
Give me control, and I'll get us out of here.
Yes.
Go, damn it!
Go higher!
No, faster!
Get us over the border!
Get us over and kill these leaders dead!
My hair only has a long...
Or it burns up!
So hurry!
Why, damn it!
That's it.
Her power doesn't actually have a time limit.
It's that her hair can only handle it in short bursts.
Yes.
But now she doesn't care.
So there's nothing holding her back.
I really should have killed this chick when I had the chance.
Because now...
It's too late.
I...
Can't move.
I can't move.
Impossible.
How are you doing this?
How?
How are you still moving?
I had to abandon what was most precious to me to tap into this power!
So how?
I'm gonna smash it.
That core.
I'll smash the shit out of it!
I can't move!
I can't move.
What the...
That's where Rudolph Misfire is.
Hold up.
We're flying.
In the middle of a freaking trash storm.
Oh no.
Did we...
I got them as far as I could.
Sotl.
Hey, you.
What'd you just say to me?
Well, no one's called my hair that before.
Jeez, it's insane how all you people are exactly the same.
You find a village of women and think,
cause you got some cheesy lines on a dick,
that we'll all be head over heels for you by sundown.
You all fail to realize that the Salaya are a warrior tribe.
If you're looking for a sweet little thing to help you get your rocks off,
then turn around and go piss off somewhere else.
I don't know what you're insinuating.
I merely gave voice to an observation.
Hmm?
fez .
Sotl.
The border...
It's beautiful.
If only you could see it.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for creating subtitles!
Like us?
Subscribe for new videos every week and…
Last А packages to proud pretty girls.
People on social media are WILLIAMs.
A beautiful life place that'll make you a boy soon.
OMG, I want beě agreements with her house.
Two hours later, I will soothe her in one night.
Zodal, I... I have to tell you about this.
I have to warn you.
When you cross the border, everything that's precious to you, it takes it all.
It just steals it away.
Zodal, the border.
It's the border.
It's the Watchmen!
This is it!
Don't let go!
No one get sucked out, you hear me?
Son of a bitch!
We're out of time!
We're almost there!
The hell?
Was that no air?
Or the border?
Phone!
I'm guessing she hid it as soon as she got outside this thing!
Speaking of, please tell me we've got eyes on Sokka and Geeta!
What the hell was that?
It all went dark for a second.
This would be hard.
Hard enough without getting shocked after death.
Come on, man, think of something.
They can't hold out for much longer!
Gotta end this trash beast before we cross the border!
Damn it!
Am I gonna have to use this?
Huh?
Geeta!
Over here, girl!
Hey!
What do you mean, huh?
Get your butt over here!
Hey!
Move it!
Take my hand!
Or grab something!
Do it now, please!
Before you get sucked out!
Okay, bro!
Oh, and I'm sorry I missed everything, but I had to take a quick nap to get rid of that
really, really big ouchie on my head.
So, do I just grab Sokka or what?
No, wait!
Ignore that!
Just do your thing and you'll be fine!
I'll be fine!
Fine. Won't she, Agent?
Of course! How silly of me! Go get your kaiju on, girl!
Really? And how far am I allowed to go this time, bro?
Just three! Do not go higher than that! Understood?
Okie dokie!
Wait, is her vital instrument?
You bet your ass it is!
Vital Instrument!
Ita!
Ah, poo! I knew it should have gone bigger!
Backing up, backing up!
Hi!
And now, no one's gonna go flying!
You never cease to amaze me, Kita! You and your wicked instruments!
Alright, party people!
Yo, I got it going on and on! Something like fucking dominos!
Force the champion on and get them to take the lead!
Let's tear this place down!
Get the wave of dawn and make the whole!
Yo, I got it going on and on! Something like fucking dominos!
And now, no one's gonna go flying!
Get the wave of dawn and make the whole!
The trash storm will be reaching its end soon.
Speaking of endings, what made you think an imitation trash beast could make it cross the border?
Folks have done the wildest things trying to ensure they survive all the way to the sphere.
What's your critter got that none of those poor souls had?
Bulls had.
Those must be company secrets, huh?
That creature was imbued with the power of protection.
This was it.
The core.
Dammit!
I'm an idiot and forgot that these things fall apart without their cores!
Someone grab Sokka!
Way ahead of you.
Actually, everyone just grab on to me!
I'm nice and blushy, I can cushion our falls so we don't all go splat on the ground.
Hey, thanks.
I've never been more terrified to be relieved in my life!
All right.
Another job done well!
Pleading complete!
Hey, this isn't a no-man's land, but it's definitely a polluted zone, and we shouldn't hang around here.
My guy, chill!
We've gone so hard, we're still technically on our way back from Penta.
This crap pile feels like a warm bed, I'm so tired.
That's right.
I never got him to say what happened to Amo,
or if she's okay.
He just talked.
My name is Zotel Typhon.
How would you like to take down the sphere with me?
And after the invitation?
Surely you realize they're just feeding you the lies you want to hear.
Is that truly enough for you?
Their false friendship?
Then he went on a rant.
Your being here is also an experiment.
I meant that's how we'll get across the border.
By flying in this trash beast.
He got everything he wanted out of me and then bounced.
And all I've got to show for the crap he put us through is more questions.
Like the Watchmen series.
And of course some rotten
bull...
And audio of all worst你
And we'll start Fazerため.....
The master ofMO forward slash literally Dom summer Katharine and also the host rave accent.
Hooray.
Thank goodness!
We've all been worried sick about you!
Loud, too loud.
Are you guys all right?
Does anybody need first aid?
Who needs help first?
Do Zonka.
You got the worst of it.
Then get Ryo next.
But don't hurry on my account.
Just make sure Zonka's okay.
I'm glad you're all right.
You too, bro.
I'm sorry, bro?
I'm sorry, bro.